I went through a lot of trouble to get this.
Potato, potato.
I’m a sweet potato.
Blue sky, blue sky.
I’m a white cloud.
Quick, open it and see.
Why is it so difficult to get sugar-coated haws in the palace?
Before, it was because Noble Consort Yan decreed that only she could have them.
Later,
the Emperor banned sugar-coated haws in the palace.
Now it’s a level one prohibited item in the palace.
What did sugar-coated haws do wrong?
Why don’t you ask the Empress Dowager to speak to the Emperor?
Hmm.
I’m not getting involved in this mess.
Seems like being Empress in the previous life was better.
I could eat whatever I wanted.
Greetings to the Empress Dowager.
Noble Consort De and Consort Lin are very considerate.
They often come to pay their respects to me.
But I don’t know what’s wrong.
I’ve been feeling worse and worse.
After all, I’m getting old.
Empress Dowager, you’re just joking.
You’re as long-lived as the Southern Mountain and cranes.
Yes, yes, you’re still young, Empress Dowager.
Hmph, you two are so sweet-talking.
Get up.
Empress Dowager, should I help you to rest?
Noble Consort De,
come here.
As you command.